CSE 106 – Lab 1
1)	Write an adding program that does the following (10 points):
a.	Ask the user to enter two or more numbers separated by spaces
b.	Print the sum of all the numbers to the console
c.	Throw an error if they do not enter at least two numbers or contain a string
d.	Note: the numbers can be integers or decimals
e.	Example: 
i.	The user enters: 1 2 3 4 
ii.	The program prints: 10
2)	Write a punishment automation program in Python that does the following (15 points):
a.	Ask the user to enter a sentence and the times a sentence should be repeated
b.	The program should write the sentence (with a line break) the number of times specified by the user to a file called “CompletedPunishment.txt”
c.	Example: 
i.	The user enters this for the sentence: I will not sleep in class 
ii.	The user enters this for the number of repeats: 100 
iii.	The program should write “I will not sleep in class” 100 times to “CompletedPunishment.txt”.
3)	Write a word count program in Python that does the following (25 points):
a.	Prompt the user to enter a word
b.	Parse PythonSummary.txt and count the number of times the word occurs in the file
c.	Tell the user how many times the word occurs
d.	Note: It should find the word regardless of case (upper or lower) or punctuation
e.	Example:
i.	The user enters: python 
ii.	The program should print: The word python occurs 13 times 
4)	Write a class schedule formatting program that does the following (25 points):
a.	Parses “classesInput.txt” for the following info (on the corresponding line):
Line 0: Number of courses (the following data should exist for each course)
Line 1: Course department
Line 2: Course number 
Line 3: Course name
Line 4: Credits
Line 5: Lecture days
Line 6: Start time of the lecture
Line 7: End time of the lecture
Line 8: Average grade (percentage) for the course
b.	Outputs a file with the data formatted as follows:
COURSE 1: <Course department><Course number>:<Course name>
Number of Credits: <Credits>
Days of Lectures: <Lecture days>
Lecture Time: <Start time> - <End time>
Stat: on average, students get <average grade> in this course

REPEAT for each additional class, up to <Number of courses>
c.	Example:
Input:
2
CSE
030
Data Structures
4
Monday, Wednesday
4:30pm
5:45pm
85
CSE
165
Introduction to Object Oriented Programming
4 
Tuesday, Thursday 
9:00am
10:15am 
87

Output:
COURSE 1: CSE030: Data Structures
Number of Credits: 4
Days of Lectures: Monday, Wednesday
Lecture Time: 4:30pm – 5:45pm
Stat: on average, students get 85% in this course

COURSE 2: CSE165: Introduction to Object Oriented Programming
Number of Credits: 4
Days of Lectures: Tuesday, Thursday
Lecture Time: 9:00am – 10:15am
Stat: on average, students get 87% in this course
d.	Note: to get full points, you must create a Python class that holds the above data and has a format function that returns, or outputs the formatted text 
5)	Create a grades program that does the following (25 points):
a.	Allows a user to create a student name and grade
b.	Allows a user to ask for a grade, given the full name of the student
c.	Allows a user to edit a grade
d.	Allows a user to delete a grade
e.	Reads/writes to grades.txt to store grade data persistently in JSON format
f.	Stores grades in memory data as a dictionary and updates grades.txt with any changes
g.	Loads grade data from grades.txt into dictionary on program start-up
